Why is the project feasible? 
Network is one of the most important parts of your future. Sometimes in the corporate world, it isn’t what you know but who you know. This software will allow people to put in a profile in this app for friends or family, and the app will make any network connections that that person has if they have a profile. This will allow people to have the people they know all in one concise location and make networking for jobs, dating, etc much easier. 

Target Audience?
The target audience is pretty expansive. This software could be used for high school and college students who are building out their friend networks or going on dates. This will help those who end up with lots of contacts in their phone that they don’t recognize. Simply cross reference the name in the database. It could also be used by business teams to network business associates, clients, and other companies they work with, allowing for easy transfer of information in case of job turnover. 

Potential Value?
The value would be really high for those who are looking to connect with others on a wider scale, being able to really easily find through mutual friends, to give an example, this software would hold a lot of value for a salesman looking to find people to demonstrate his or her product to

Who would use the software, how big is that market?
This could be used by businessmen or women who need to be building their network for their business in order to be successful. This could especially be useful for startups and small companies to keep track of business associates from other companies, employees from other teams. There is a healthy influx of business owners and team leaders who would benefit from this products
Would you charge? How much?
I think it would make sense to have a free version, but also have a paid version which will allow users to sync up their data to our phone application and other devices. The paid version would cost $20 and a month, with a payment option of $220 a year.

How many users? 
There would be about 10,000 users on this platform

Marking strategy and basic pricing strategy
As I mentioned, we would have the free plan, the $20/month payment option, and the discounted $220 a year plan. We would target advertisements towards people between 18 and 30 years of age, and company executives who might be looking for a way to build and manage their business network. 


